I could be a hare and I'd
Sneak into my private rivals
Dreaming I'm a burglar

Quick as any day in my
Fleeting little chest of hopefuls
Lost it to the burglars

I can be aware and yeah
Maybe I'm the same like pirates
Likened to the burglars

Threat on any day and I'm
Hiding from the hare who's also
Hiding from the burglars

I didn't catch his name, pow
Shot him on the range, yow
'Cause he was a burglar

Happens in the parks, boohoo
Even in the old days
Stinking of the burglars

Happens in my home, mmm-mm
I never see it coming

When I was young we used to put alarms on our doors and screens like a burglar net
Now that I'm older, I'm sure that's absurd, that's the word for the man who collects
Who's he stealing from next?

When I was young, my parents yelled "beware of the ivory man that will steal and sell"
Now that I'm older, those words are still pure, not the look of a crook in his books
What's he taking from you?

And worried peeps go on about it
Say a lot of changes better come
A pocket full of change is emptied by
A little, gawky, bright and bubbly bird

Lots of heroes out there thinking 'bout it
But minutes of their lives are ticking down
And bottles full of love are drunken by
A tricky, trite and thirsty, hungry bird

Blooming tips on tulip cones that
Don't pay out, they keep on growing
Costume thieves who never hand back
Half of what you end up owing

Has this town really gotten much better?
Are the burglars gonna keep on trying to meddle with it?
Has this town really gotten much better?
Are the burglars gonna keep on trying to meddle with it?

Has this town really gotten much better?
Are the burglars gonna keep on trying to meddle with it?
Has this town really gotten much better?
Are the burglars gonna keep on trying to meddle with it?

Probably driving your car with someone
Close up your head 'cause are they
Reading your letters
Come on, pack up the bed for betters

Stealing from the day (What you own) 
Didn't take a second
Listened to a record (Oh oh-oh)
And they got away
Sneaky are the burglars

When I cross their way (What you own)
Helpless, like a chicken
Bones will soon be clinking (Oh oh-oh)
Wearing me for play
Bracelet on a burglar

I thought I was OK (What you think you own)
Not as bad as some
And sunset on the slums (You don't)
See another day
Happy are the burglars

Brush it all away (What you think you own)
Or do I let it sink in?
Is it my ambition (You don't)
Just to turn away?
Freedom for the burglars

Has this town really gotten much better?
So, the burglars burn this .......
Has this town really gotten much better?
So, the burglars burn this .......

Has this town really gotten much better?
So, the burglars burn this .......
Has this town really gotten much better?
So, the burglars burn this .......

What you think you own, you don't
Watch out the burglars