[Chorus – Katie Sky]
I see your monsters, I see your pain.
Tell me your problems, I'll chase them away.
I'll be your lighthouse. I'll make it okay.
When I see your monsters I'll stand there so brave, and chase them all away.

[Verse 1 – Cal]
A cup of coffee still steaming,
Staring back at me and it's blacker than the night, eh.
I'm awake but still sleeping,
I keep telling myself I'll be alright (I won't).
And I know it can't get worse than today, sitting here and she's trying to rehearse what to say.
See, she's in the bathroom and hoping I'm not in earshot, while she's getting used to the sound of her teardrops.

Splash, it hits the towel and I know it's been awhile since you've seen me smile and laugh, like I used to.
I've been in denial since it happened, just take me to the past, 'cause I just can't imagine losing you, too.
I can't explain this so I keep it all inside, wear my pain but it's masked by my pride.
She came to hold me and she cried, told me this and she stared into my eyes and said...

[Chorus]

[Verse 2:]
I can't, you won't like what you see.
If you were in my head and had to hear my plea.
It's like, I can't believe this is happening to me.
And could someone please shut off this fucking answering machine,
So I can stop leaving these messages that you will never get.
And all these cries for help you'll never see, you'll never check.
But I guess it's easy for you to leave me.
But believe me, see this isn't something that I'mma just forget.

I would trade it all for one more minute,
Don't you see I really need you to talk to.
Uh, I'm still sitting here wondering who did it,
While I'm staring out our front door knowing you'll never walk through.

Said you'd come right back, now you're gone like that.
A blank stare as I stand so alone, I know you're never coming home.
Damn.

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
Uh, I got a heart made of fool's gold, got me feeling so cold.
They keep chipping away. All the promises that I told, felt like I was on those, they keep slipping away.
I want nobody else, but it's hard to get to know me when I don't know myself.
And it helps 'cause I felt I was down, I was out, then you looked at me now and said...

[Chorus – Katie Sky]
I see your monsters, I see your pain.
Tell me your problems, I'll chase them away.
I'll be your lighthouse. I'll make it okay.
When I see your monsters I'll stand there so brave...
I see your monsters, I see your pain.
Tell me your problems, I'll chase them away.
I'll be your lighthouse. I'll make it okay.
When I see your monsters I'll stand there so brave, and chase them all away.